Initial stuff:
    questions to answer
        what are we looking for? 
        what is the question you are trying to solve? (describe a scenario if possible)
        what is the top priority?
        what is the context of this analysis? why do we need this analysis?
    
    planning stage
        where are we looking for it?
        how do we think the data will answer our questions?
        brief description of methodologies (outline the use cases and scenarios, summarize strenghts and limitations)
        
Data collection
    If possible, estimate how much data will be needed to satisfactorily meet the objectives. Alternatively (if more data collection is not possible), determine to what extent the data available will meet those objectives. (Sample size calculations).

Collect the data in raw form, if not provided.

Data Specification
    What does clean data look like?
    What are you assuming about the data? These properties are assumptions we make about the data by what it is supposed to represent (that is, the type and distribution of its corresponding population) or how it was collected (like whether it is an independent sample, identically distributed, etc.) These properties need to be addressed as part of the modeling process.

Model Evaluation
    Residuals
    Permutation Tests: Compare to the same model fit on a randomised response. Can help detect overfitting.
    Benchmarking
    
    

End results:
    graphics with findings
    revisit questions from beginning
    were the questions answered?
    was the data appropriate?
    did the data help to answer questions?
    
    
Lifecycle:
    understand and plan
        translate the business question to analytics question
    data
        work cross functionally to gather and process data
    analysis
        solve problems
    presentation
        present results and tell a story
    documentation and reflection
        make your project a happy ending (explain this better)
        
        
1. Generate your hypotheses
2. Study the data
3. Clean the data
4. Engineer the features
5. Create predictive models
6. Communicate your results